16 patterns, config is mythos-show.json.
each state triggers its synesthesia scene (and media) as well.
optional / additive layers for bpm flashes and uv (or any others) have a gui hookup, easy to customize per usage.

each pattern has a "mode" button instead of low / medium / high intensity. one button, cycles 1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 1.
mode 1 is the pattern as written, 2 and 3 are that pattern's own variations. hitting the cue again is mode 1.
numbers here are the pad numbers on the surface.

1. neuron
pattern - simple blue green noise matching the cyan to dark blue in the scene. good.
synesthesia - Neuron Proximitors
media - none

2. geode
pattern - one parameter reacts to presence of song, with optional bpm flash on midi.
param - (synesthesia mid presence) -> red background layer (clamp to 0.2 alpha lowest)
additional layer - bpm matched flash with curve and bpm trigger system, ability to set color
mode 2 - the scene shifts to blue sometimes, so this goes blue: a different blue flash / small noise pattern, white flash off
mode 3 - red with blue on the kick
uv - off
synesthesia - Voronoi Geode
media - none

3. rain
pattern - matrix rain effect, multicolored rain. no noise on the trails.
mode 2 - video on (alien-message.mp4)
mode 3 - green, downpour
uv - cycle pattern between rgb rainbow so its fluctuating but always on
synesthesia - VideoFX_1 (an empty scene)
media - black by default, the video is the mode toggle

4. fire
pattern - fire 2012 effect. par lights read horizontal, like the 5th row of the obelisk from the bottom (they were mostly off climbing beside it)
uv - off
synesthesia - Dynamical Flame

5. glitch
pattern - on kick hit change color. good.
synesthesia - Glitch
media - alien-message.mp4

6. tunnel
pattern - simple pink / purple noise (match shader aesthetic). follows presence off osc like the others so it syncs with them.
additional layer - white flash on bpm
synesthesia - Fire Tunnel

7. blown
pattern - pink base throughout on presence, min 0.65 (was 0.3 and too dark until it popped). kick pops it to pink, green afterglow. (match shader aesthetic)
uv - on kick
synesthesia - Filter Blown v2
media - 275593_medium.mp4

8. punk
pattern - punk purple white gradient strobe effect bpm reactive, pretty bright (match shader aesthetic). good.
additional layer - bpm kick layers and on beat layers for various gradient flashes
uv - on kick
synesthesia - Milk, Honey, Smoke, Bile

9. todo
pattern - rainbow when presence is high, slow moving hue shift among par lights. low white noise when no presence
synesthesia - Reaction-Confusion
media - 87841-602894456.mp4

10. canyon
pattern - cycling wave gradients moving top down with canyon orange browns greens and blues as we fly through the area. gradients and blending seamless.
param - on bpm hit we fade to a rainbow effect among all the lights
synesthesia - Vibe Thresholds
media - 361331_medium.mp4

11. todo
pattern - mostly dark, with strong white, red/orange reactive, and cyan blue colors
synesthesia - Scaffold Fractal
media - none

12. e-churn
pattern - read the custom eclipse churn pattern for reference, create matching colors, 
give me three color palette buttons and one that cycles rainbow colors, and make it match across synesthesia and eclipse-os color wise and aesthetic.
synesthesia - Eclipse Churn

13. e-nova
pattern - read the custom eclipse nova synesthesia pattern for reference, create matching colors
match e-churn with color options

14. cloud tun
pattern - flying through sky, yellow and pink sunset sky with dark shadow clouds underneath. check pattern in synesthesia.
param - control flight height with two buttons, perform a lerp for these instead of snapping between them, and turn off auto height.
param - control flight speed with two buttons, perform a lerp for these as well.

15. idle post show

16. idle pre show
